manifest: Matter applications versioning by VERSION file implemented (#13476)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

------

* Updated the page about :ref:`ug_matter_device_low_power_configuration` with the information about Intermittently Connected Devices (ICD) configuration.
* Added:

>   Kconfig option for disabling or enabling :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Kconfig option for disabling or enabling :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client`.
```

> * Added:
>   * Kconfig option for disabling or enabling :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added:

  * Kconfig option for disabling or enabling :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client`.
```
Need the empty line here since it's a list inside a list.

> * Added:
> * Kconfig option for disabling or enabling :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client`.
> * Support for PSA Crypto API for devices that use Matter over Thread.
>   It is enabled by default and can be disabled by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA` Kconfig option to ``n``.
> * :file:`VERSION` file implementation to manage versioning for DFU over SMP as well as also Matter OTA.
>   Backward compatibility is maintained for users who use the :file:`prj.conf` file for versioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added:

  * Kconfig option for disabling or enabling :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client`.
  * Support for PSA Crypto API for devices that use Matter over Thread.
    It is enabled by default and can be disabled by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA` Kconfig option to ``n``.
  * :file:`VERSION` file implementation to manage versioning for DFU over SMP as well as also Matter OTA.
    Backward compatibility is maintained for users who use the :file:`prj.conf` file for versioning.
```

> * Added a Kconfig option for disabling or enabling :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client`.
> * Added support for PSA Crypto API for devices that use Matter over Thread.
>   It is enabled by default and can be disabled by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA` Kconfig option to ``n``.
> * VERSION file implemented to manage versioning for DFU over SMP but also Matter OTA. Backward compatibility is still keept, for users who use prj.conf file for versioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added:
  Kconfig option for disabling or enabling :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client`.
* Support for PSA Crypto API for devices that use Matter over Thread.
  It is enabled by default and can be disabled by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA` Kconfig option to ``n``.
* :file:`VERSION` file implementation to manage versioning for DFU over SMP as well as also Matter OTA.
  Backward compatibility is maintained for users who use the :file:`prj.conf` file for versioning.
```
